tomorrow night from Nashville Tennessee
the 53rd annual CMA Awards air here on
ABC and get everyone warmed up for it we
enlisted the help of CMA cohost carrie
underwood we sent a camera crew to
nashville set up a bunch of hidden
cameras in a boot store and when the
customers came in we had the staff asked
them a little bit about themselves and
carrie was back in the back room
listening and then she gave them a
surprise serenade in this nashville
edition of undercover sing
[Music]
doing well
where you guys from Virginia right now
we got three ladies who wanna buy some
cute boots to go line dancing yeah one
lady has purple hips teased the punk
rock one don't wanna get the loose then
these girls a comic from Virginia
Virginia is for lovers love us up boots
this thing is laughing because she knows
that I'm singing in her boots John nice
to meet you John is holding on
[Music]
if you don't dance for me
[Applause]
these boots are made for gas just pick
some for the bottom
Carrie Underwood singing directly to
YouTube high-five each other enough
bring your boots ride it out you come on
guys
[Music]
are these the boots you wanted all
together at the same time
Oh boys your name Dan Dan okay are you
looking for anything particular today so
I have one that's it's actually kind of
a softer leather instead it was an
ostrich belly right now Dan from
Virginia is looking for some foods me is
the world largest bird that can run 43
did you know close to smaller relatives
- Tyrannosaurus babe I bet you that's
true
did you know a spittoon half three
stomach
look at all this stuff up
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though